<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Announcement: the "Welcome to FOSS" Series of the Tel Aviv Open Source Club</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
</head>
<body>

<p>
<a href="http://welcome.foss.org.il/2009/">The Series "Welcome to the World of
Free and Open Source Software" (W2FOSS)</a> will be conducted this
year by <a href="http://www.cs.tau.ac.il/telux/">the
Tel Aviv Open Source Club (TelFOSS or Telux)</a> stating from Sunday,
8-November-2009. In the first meeting we will introduce several popular,
comprehensive and high-quality open-source programs which can be installed
and run both on Linux and Windows, to show that open source is ready for
the masses, and it is indeed possible to use open-source programs, to
recommend them to your friends, and maybe even to contribute to them (not
necessarily source code, of course). Since the purpose of the series is to
introduce the world of open-source code to people who are not very familiar
with it, please spread the world and tell about the meeting to those people
you know who haven't installed Linux yet or is a heavy user and fan of
open-source proprams (although people like that are also welcome to attend).
</p>

<p>
In the next meeting which will take place two weeks later 
(Sunday, 22-November-2009), Ori Idan will talk about what actually are free 
software and open-source: what are the guiding principles behind free software,
why is it good, important and helpful for users, but also for developers, and
also why it doesn't contradict any Capitalistic principles. Moreover, we will
explain in this meeting on what are actually operating systems, and a few
things that make Linux special out of being an operating system that is
managed in an open-source fashion.
</p>

<p>
After this meeting, we hope to conduct a few Satellite meetings about topics
such as "Open Source Development Tools", "How to Install and experiment with 
Linux" and other topics. Everyone are welcome to come and invite other people.
</p>

<p>
The meetings will take start at 18:00 and will take place in the Holcblat
("הולצבלט" in Hebrew), hall No. 007 in the main corridor of the Exact Sciences
building in Tel Aviv University. More information can be found in the
hyper-links above.
</p>

</body>
</html>
